and as usual advertising for dirty money
today I want to advise you carbon monoxide
summer play
from the coolest guys from the tv channel to their
channel you will find thrash and sea games
fun
the link you will find on the screen or in
description for this video
hello to you again, the game channel
Yegor sinks I would lead earring in old
appearance and I'll talk about how to get
rooms that are only available in
single player and how to become invisible to
other players in the game gta online so
let's start for this glitchy you
need an assistant you must steam
play in the same session now
I will switch as if on my own
assistant and so here is your assistant should
deliver your phone and go to the menu
contacts in the contacts menu find you and
click write a message to you in this
the moment i write messages here is just
playstation 4 system when capturing video
does not capture these here
technical moments where there I clean
messages wearing a word here i am typing
messages from simple hello and sending
my friend actually now here is
sending a message here is how we see and not
occurred sending as soon as you
see that your message has been sent
quickly press the crossbar down and
choose any offline character
and go off-line etc.
switching already to the one who screams
and so here we are now my assistant
he came out of gta online and sent me
message and how we see this message
she seems to be wrong, that is, we see
the fact that there is a disabled person and in stars
Here is the message
if you received such a message
it means you are fine you are successful
made this evening how miles there after
this you after this message itself
come you can calmly start
enter buildings that were accessible
single player only as we see
Now I do not see my friend who
connected stones is one of the, as it were
gods too
your friends and other players don't see you
they are the people and not in the game but also you them
see only on the radar but you can see
in their game and so can you again
I repeat
fall into various buildings that were
available in the single player campaign and also
I want to say that if you have everything
ok and went smoothly with this in something
notice what's on your map
this is to the left of which the corner will be gone all a
mean with missions with others
designations if all this is gone as
at that moment I mean you all
done right but actually here
such an interesting glitchy if you like it
like that put like
subscribe to my youtube channel and
also don't forget to join my group
VKontakte link to it will be in the description
below subscribe to my twitter to
keep abreast of my latest videos
on 2 than gta online and also do not forget
what did your character pumping
playstation 3 platforms
so you are interested in this type
Services to pay their group on generation of fake
link will be described below is not yet
forget about my second channel on youtube
there are various keys about games like
call of duty advanced warfare dough not
watch dogs and so on if you
This speech is interested in these games
subscribe to my second channel but in
this video was helped by a user
demand thank you very much for this help.
I say goodbye to all of you now no smoking
don't play gta online and
Listen to my mother with the hardcore yet
boys and chaps carnival of snow with brothers
and the others torment from present to your
attention rosary series about gang america
This series is called Country Bank
the only one who translates it into
Russian is seryoga cabstar that is
I therefore those who like gta those
who has his gang in gta online will
very interesting to see a series of
of this series about 13 Aryan
brotherhood of fellow hellcrackers angels and
etc
link to the VKontakte group
leave below to this video go and
look
fulda